# quiz-game

## Improvements
* Currently the entire GameView is updating whenever the timer is incrementing. Ideally we should only redraw the TimerView whenever that happens. Would need to decouple the timer itself and instead have a Published property for when the timer ends, so that the MainView can be updated at the relevant time
* The GameState is being shared throughout the application via the @EnvironmentObject property wrapper. The issue with having it so publically accessible is that we run the risk of the game state being updated in unexpected ways throughout the application. The reason it was done like this was to work with the ViewRouter system so that it could be accessed within the SummaryView. This should be reworked so that the SummaryState is instead passed to the SummaryView so that we are keeping the state as private as possible
* A delay occurs within the GameView.onQuestionAnswered method that accounts for the player being able to see whether their answer was correct or not in the UI. The method of doing the delay on the DispatchQueue is a little messy and cumbersome. Ideally we could do it via async/await, although we would then need to rework some code to work with it, and we would need to make sure that it's all still running on the main thread as it still needs to update UI
* A lot of the state objects have @Published property wrappers on them. A lot of this isn't particularly needed, as most of the data don't change within the UI once the instance of the state has been created. Granted, this does give us flexibility in the future if we plan to change other parts of the quiz when the player is deciding on an answer
* The currently system for lifelines is quite hardcoded. If we wanted to add a lot of lifeliens in the future, I'd rewrite the system to allow for any number of lifelines to be created that could define how they want to modify the game state. So rather than having a massive switch statement that runs different logic in each case, you would just grab the chosen Lifeline class, and have it run it's modifications on the GameState.
